thread num: 1
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 3227.28 ms

thread num: 2
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 2744.82 ms

thread num: 4
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 2456.63 ms

thread num: 8
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 2054.42 ms

thread num: 16
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 1610.71 ms

thread num: 1
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 3041.58 ms

thread num: 2
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 2066.19 ms

thread num: 4
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 1263.68 ms

thread num: 8
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 6435.23 ms

thread num: 16
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_flower.csv
running time: 10209.7 ms

thread num: 1
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 2474.74 ms

thread num: 2
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 1478.86 ms

thread num: 4
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 911.64 ms

thread num: 8
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 932.829 ms

thread num: 16
parallel mode: 1
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 920.053 ms

thread num: 1
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 2520.27 ms

thread num: 2
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 1693.25 ms

thread num: 4
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 1282.05 ms

thread num: 8
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 8067.77 ms

thread num: 16
parallel mode: 2
data file: updated_mouse.csv
running time: 13409.4 ms

